This program is built around projects.
When you complete a project,
you will submit it to one of our expert reviewers
who will give you personalized feedback.
These projects will help you gain valuable experience and
build a portfolio that you can share with potential employers.
The first project is available right from the start.
You'll query a SQL database comparing
the overall global temperature to transfer where you live.
You'll analyze the data,
create a data visualization,
and write up your findings.
In the second project,
you'll investigate one of our curated datasets using NumPy and Pandas.
You'll go through the entire data analysis process starting by posing a question,
following it up by exploring the data,
and then finishing by sharing your findings.
The third project has you using statistics
to make recommendations based on an experiment.
You'll use statistical techniques to answer questions about
the provided data and report your conclusions and recommendations.
In the fourth project, you'll gather data from a variety of sources,
assess their quality and tidiness,
and then clean them using Python.
You'll document your wrangling efforts in a Jupyter Notebook
and showcase them through analyses and visualizations.
The final project will have you using
data visualization libraries to explore a dataset of your choosing.
You will then convey your findings in the form of polished explanatory plots.
Completing all of these projects will demonstrate your proficiency in
the fundamental aspects of the data analysis process.